cleanup externalSchedulerEnable (#382)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator: simulator/docs/external-scheduler.md

Author: I update these files.

> [!CAUTION]

> To maintain compatibility, the externalSchedulerEnabled setting remains available, but the feature is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We previously had a feature called the external scheduler, but we removed it in favor of [debuggable scheduler](../debuggable-scheduler.md).
To maintain compatibility, the externalSchedulerEnabled setting remains for now though, will be removed in the near future.
```
